So now let's see how we implement this algorithm correctly in code.
We're going to keep track of the state.
I'll do that by defining a class state which saves the node as well,
but has two additional flags to keep track if we've already
visited the left child or already visited the right child.
These are just getter and setter functions.
So here's our pre-order with stack function, takes in a tree.
So most things are quite similar,
except what we push onto the stack is not the node itself,
but it's going to be a state object which contains the node,
as well as those two flags.
Now what's different as well is we not only want to check if a node has a left child,
but we also want to check that we didn't already visit that left child.
So if we have a left child and haven't already visited,
then we can go down in here.
Here, what this is saying is that for the parent node,
we want to say that we visited the left child,
then we wanted to grab the left child and then visit it.
Then we want to create a new state for the child node.
So now this node represents the left child.
Then we're going to push that state onto the stack.
So it's a similar idea with the right child.
So now if we run this,
we can check that this is doing everything properly,
and you can see here, we start out with apple as the root node.
Notice left and right have not been visited yet.
But then now when we go down and traverse the left child, banana,
we can see that apple, the parent,
it says that it's already visited the left child, which was banana.
So this is helping us to keep track of whether we've already gone down a certain path.
We can see that the visit order is correct.
We go to apple, banana, dates, then cherry.